Baran: Dino...
Does it hurt? I bet it does.
You're tougher than I thought,
and it's making me angry.
Popp [thought]:
I've got to fight back...
While I still have
stamina and Magic Power,
I have to do something!
O-Oh! I like that
face right there.
I know. How about...
I do what you did to Ruud...
And take off your head!
[cackling]
That's it. That's the look!
Just keep that expression.
[terrified breath]
[pained grunts]
Larhart: Who's there?
Well, that's great.
I'm saved by the last
guy I want saving me.
Sorry to disappoint you, Popp.
Popp: Hyunckel...
I guess I should really be
saying thanks, huh?
I see.
So this young man
is the Hyunckel
that Master Baran spoke of.
You needed help.
It looks like
you might have been
overextending
yourself out here, Popp.
Did you really think...
That you could stop these
three all by yourself?
It's not like I had a choice.
Somebody had to do it.
And Dai he... had his...
memories erased...
by his father, Baran!
[surprised gasp]
Hyunckel [thought]:
So Dai and Baran
are related by
blood after all.
But... what's this about
his memories being erased?
Well, then...
Where's Baran now?
He went ahead to
try and capture Dai.
All right...
That means we don't have any
time to waste on these pawns.
What was that?
That cocky little bastard.
Former Undead Legion
Commander or not,
he's still only human.
I'll slice you up just like that
idiot kid you tried to rescue.
Hey, Popp...
You can finish off that one.
Time to pay him back for all
the pain he inflicted upon you.
Are you sure?
I'll be taking your spotlight.
Oh, come on!
You cannot be serious.
Look at him - he's done for.
That little dweeb
can't fight me!
It's your turn now, tough guy.
You'll see.
There's no way
you can beat Popp.
However... If by
chance you should...
Then I will challenge you.
[grumbling]
Galdandy: This one
is a complete moron.
You're about to let the
guy you saved get slaughtered.
[chuckle]
Fine, then.
This time I'm going
to finish the job...
Galdandy: And then
I'll be coming for you!
Pop [thought]: All I need
are two more spells...
I hope my Magic
Power holds out!
[roaring]
Perish!
Levizoom!
What a joke. You want
to fight me in the air?
What? How did he...
I told you, you
can't defeat Popp.
I hit you with
my Bloody Scryde.
It always leaves a mark.
You better believe
it, bird-face.
Now you can have the
rest of my Magic Power!
Bang!
Borahorn: Galdandy!
I-I did it.
Only, now my...
My... My Magic Power
is all spent.
Hyunckel: You've done well.
Get some rest,
and don't worry.
Popp: I'm not worried.
Your attitude might suck,
but I know how strong you are.
I think... I'll be taking
you up on getting that rest.
Hyunckel [thought]: You
truly did a good job, Popp.
Borahorn: Curse you!
How dare you do
that to Galdandy?
You're going
to pay for this!
Oh, I'm gonna
"pay for it," huh?
Yeah, that's right!
This time, I, Borahorn
shall squash you like...
[pained roar]
Larhart: Borahorn!
[pained groans]
Hyunckel: You're
the ones who'll pay.
Hyunckel: I don't know
who you goons are...
Larhart [thought]:
That's an imposing Aura.
Hyunckel: ...but after what
you did to my junior disciple,
do not expect to
walk away from this!
Borahorn: You, little...
You broke my precious tusks.
I'll pulverize you!
Why don't we just get this
over with? I'm in a hurry.
Borahorn: This brat.
You think you're so strong?
The strength of
Sea Rider Borahorn,
is unrivaled in
the entire world!
Now, taste it for yourself!
It can't be...
Where does such a frail human
body hide this kind of strength?
Is this the extent of
your "unrivaled" power?
Disappointing.
A friend of mine has twice this
strength in his little finger.
Why, you...
Hyunckel: Well? Weren't
you going to pulverize me?
Borahorn:
I was just about to.
Glacial Breath!
Larhart [thought]:
That should finish it.
Borahorn's Glacial Breath is as
strong as any Kacrackle spell.
[menacing chuckle]
Borahorn [thought]:
If I strike someone
when they're frozen solid
by my Glacial Breath...
They shatter like glass.
This is how I always win.
As promised,
I'll pulverize you!
Borahorn [thought]:
What's that? What is he doing?
No, he can't even move!
How could he?!
Now shatter!
What?!
No way! That armor...
My Glacial Breath
had no effect?!
Hyunckel: Playtime is over!
Bloody Scryde!
[pained gurgle]
[gasp]
Something's strange.
I sense... the enemies
have decreased in number.
Hyunckel: Are you next?
Or do you give up?
Not bad for a human.
But you'll see.
I won't be as
easy as the other two.
Don't even try to bluff.
As you've seen, my armor...
can repel attack
spells and breath.
Yes, I'm aware.
It was forged... by Lon Beruk,
the greatest craftsman...
in all of the Underworld...
The Dark Armor Blade.
Hyunckel: It was a gift.
I never knew who made it.
I see. Either way,
I wasn't bluffing just now.
I'm not very good
at most spells,
but my weapon
still rivals yours.
Wait, is that?
Take a good look... at Lon
Beruk's other masterpiece...
The Dark Armour Spear!
Amdo!
The same armor as mine?
Larhart: And now we're equal.
Wait, no... I'm still
a better warrior,
so I guess I have
the advantage.
We'll see!
Since you've shown
me your best attack,
I should repay you in kind.
Larhart: Observe
my best attack!
[amused chuckle]
I'd say that
was a decent dodge,
but I was merely
giving you a greeting.
Take a look at your helm.
Tell me...
Your reputation as
the greatest swordsman
in the world precedes you,
but do you think you could
do that with your blade?
Hyunckel [thought]:
He's right.
Without blinding speed
and needle-point accuracy,
such a feat is impossible.
And yet, he did it without
even a scratch on me!
Looks like you understand.
Indeed, you're a
powerful swordsman...
But, your blade is all muscle.
You're no match for me.
If I wanted to, I'd wager I
could easily strike you down,
I could win...
Before you even
had a chance to blink.
Impossible!
If you're really
as good as you say...
Then let's see you try!
That does it.
Wave Slash!
Hyunckel [thought]:
Even Wave Slash,
the fastest Avan Style attack,
couldn't scratch him?
This appears to be your limit.
You may have power
in your attacks...
But even...
with all that power, unless
you can actually hit me,
it's meaningless.
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's the same as before...
I can't see his
strikes at all.
It's just a flash of light!
Hyunckel [thought]: Damnit!
I have to do something
about his speed.
Give it up.
You'll never see me coming.
And now, just
as I promised you...
I shall strike you down.
Hyunckel [thought]:
He's strong...
He's on a completely
different level.
He's not at all
like the other two.
Trying to predict those speed
attacks... is impossible.
Oh... You still
haven't given up, yet.
Hyunckel [thought]:
It's a gamble,
but I'm going to
have to let him hit me...
and strike back
while he's not moving.
If I can withstand his
attack and pull him in,
then I could unleash my
Bloody Scryde straight at him.
My attacks are still
more devastating than his.
Very well.
Then I shall end it with this.
Die!
Hyunckel: Now!
Bloody Scryde!
Hyunckel [thought]: No...
He threw his gauntlet
at me instead?!
I thought that
you might try that.
Larhart: But I'm not
foolish enough to fall for it.
Take this! The Land Rider's
most powerful strike!
Sunder Claw!
Hyunckel [thought]:
Unbelievable.
Nothing I could do...
worked on him!
Dai...
You are only human,
after all.
Wait, so you're sensing
a change? Like what?
[concerned chirps]
I can't say exactly.
Nabara: Here. Let me
try my crystal ball, again.
[gasps]
That noise...
[distressed chirps]
Dai!
Dai: Someone...
Someone's coming.
I can tell.
And I think know him!
Baran: Dino, no matter
where they hide you...
I can always
detect where you are.
For we will always be connected
by the blood in our veins.
Narrator: As Baran
steadily closes in,
Popp and Hyunckel
struggle to keep up
with the final Dragon Master.
And soon Larhart reveals
the astonishing
tale of Baran's past.
But why was Dai separated
from his parents?
And what was the fate
of his mother, Soala?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Dai's Secret".